If you're playing a multiworld generated with ETS2 AP version 1.0.1 (ETS2 version 1.58), you have two options for continuing that game after the release of Euro Truck Simulator 1.59.

**Regardless of your choice,** you must continue to use ETS2 AP version 1.0.1 to play in that multiworld.

# Option 1: Downgrade to 1.58
SCS Software makes past versions of the game available as "betas" in the steam client. Right-click the game, select Properties, go to Game Versions & Betas, and select `temporary_1_58`. If you were playing in VR, you may also select `oculus_previous`, at least until the release of ETS2 1.60.

# Option 2: Deal with it
You can "deal with it" as follows. Note that only checks in Belgium, Netherlands, or Luxembourg are affected; any other country can ignore the change entirely.

- **Photo trophies:** ETS2 1.59 replaced all photo trophies in those three countries with new ones. You may consider the country's old photo trophy complete when you capture any of the new photo trophies in that country (so for example, you can substitute Pesse Gas Station for Amsterdam Panorama).
- **Companies:** ETS2 1.59 removed locations of Kaarfor, Trameri, and TransiNet from the Netherlands; and EuroAcres, ITCC, and Stokes from Belgium. Unfortunately, due to generated logic, you can't just hope to find them in another country, as the key to that country might be behind the check that's supposed to be accessible already. Therefore, instead:

| You can check... | When you visit the service station of... |
| :--------------- | :--------------------------------------- |
| Kaarfor          | Amsterdam                                |
| Trameri          | Amsterdam                                |
| TransiNet        | Rotterdam                                |
| EuroAcres        | Brussels or Luxembourg†                  |
| ITCC             | Liege                                    |
| Stokes           | Liege                                    |

†Note: EuroAcres did not have a Luxembourg location, but the previous version of the APWorld incorrectly stated it did; therefore, the multiworld may be expecting the check to be in logic with Luxembourg unlocked. This logic error has also been fixed in v2.0.0.
