# APWorld changes
The following changes were made to the APWorld:
- Added option `secret_road_checks`. When disabled (which is the default), viewpoints on secret roads are not checks.
  - For a list of viewpoints affected by this, see [this file](./2.0.0_secret_road_checks.md#changed), kept separate for spoiler reasons.

# Game changes
The following changes were made to Euro Truck Simulator 2 itself and reflected in the APWorld:

# Companies
- Added **DAF Trucks**, with locations in the Netherlands, United Kingdom, France (Vive la France !), Spain (Iberia), Norway (Scandinavia and Nordic Horizons), Finland (Nordic Horizons), Russia (Beyond the Baltic Sea), Estonia (Beyond the Baltic Sea), Romania (Road to the Black Sea), Greece (Greece), and Italy (Italia)
- Added **Euro Flow Ports**, only in Belgium.
- Added **Stronghold**, only in the Netherlands.
- Added **Suikersmij**, only in the Netherlands.

# Cities
- Added **Antwerp** in Belgium.
- Added **Eindhoven** in the Netherlands.

# Company Locations
- Added **CNP**, **Container port**, **Ika Bohag**, **ITCC**, **Kathode**, **NS Oil**, **Primel**, and **TDC Auto Terminal** to the Netherlands.
- Removed **Kaarfor**, **Trameri**, and **TransiNet** from the Netherlands.
- Added **Container port**, **Sanbuilders**, **SellPlan**, **Shuttle Cola**, **Steinbruch**, and **WGCC** to Belgium.
- Removed **EuroAcres**, **ITCC**, and **Stokes** from Belgium.
- Added **Primel** and **SellPlan** to Luxembourg.
- Removed **EuroAcres** from Luxembourg.

# Photo Trophies
- Added **Amsterdam Venue**, **Lonje Windmill**, **Pesse Gas Station**, **Van Brienenoord Bridge**, and **Zuidas District** to the Netherlands.
- Removed **Amsterdam Panorama** from the Netherlands.
- Added **Antwerpen-Centraal Railway Station**, **Liege-Guillemins Railway Station**, and **Wanlin Rest Stop** to Belgium.
- Removed **Basilica of the Sacred Heart** from Belgium.
- Added **Philharmonie Luxembourg** to Luxembourg.
- Removed **State Bank and Savings Fund** from Luxembourg.

# Viewpoints
- Added **Eindhoven**, **Groningen**, and **De Vlieter** to the Netherlands.
- Added **La Roche-en-Ardennes** and **Antwerp** to Belgium.
- Added two secret viewpoints, viewable [here](./2.0.0_secret_road_checks.md#added).
